# 12.11

It seems like a magic trick sometimes. One day you walk down a street in Shanghai lined with old buildings. The next week you walk down the s___1___street and all the buildings are gone. It’s as if a magician had waved his wand: now you see it, now you don’t. And the next week the magician has done his work again, because that same street if now lined with high rise apartments and shopping malls.  
Urban redevelopment (城市改造) is a f___2___of life in all of China’s cities. There has been a rush to become modern and to improve the living standards of Chinese people. But, as in most cases, when something is g___3___, something is also lost. In this case, what is lost is the connection to history that many old buildings represent.  
During the Spring Festival a traditional courtyard house (四合院) in Beijing was pulled down. Ironically (讽刺的是) , it had been the home of Liang Sicheng (梁思成) , an architect in the early twentieth century who had f___4___hard to preserve (保护) old buildings. The developer who tore down the house apologized and said he would rebuild it. But rebuilding history is not the same as preserving it. It’s like the farmer who said he was s___5___ using the same axe that his great grandfather used a hundred years ago although, he admitted, the head of the axe had been replaced twice and the handle three times.  
Buildings are usually preserved for two reasons: they are e___6___architecturally interesting or they have a connection to a famous person or event. Shanghai has listed nearly four hundred buildings as worthy of historical preservation. Some, such as Mayfair Mansions on Suzhou Creek (苏州河) , have had a great influence on m___7___Western architecture. Others, such as Soong Ching Ling’s villa on Huaihai Road, provide us with a link to the founding of New China.  
So we shouldn’t be in a rush to tear them all down.  